c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\obj\x86\Debug\TouchScreenTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Pointer.png
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\TouchScreenTest.exe
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\TouchScreenTest.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\obj\x86\Debug\TouchScreenTest.exe
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\obj\x86\Debug\TouchScreenTest.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Debug.xnb
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SpellBoard\empty.png
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SpellBoard\notselected.png
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TouchScreenTest\TouchScreenTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SpellBoard\selected.png
